So in the implementation, we can write a function
get nth from last by passing the head of the linked list
and the value n. Now declare a static variable count
We need to go to the next node
recursively till we reach the last node and
then come back by incrementing count and when count is
equal to n print that node.
So write if head is equal to null return. And now
call this function recursively for the next node
So write get nth from last (head next, n)
and increment count and compare with n. So write if
++count is equal to n, then only we
need to print that node.
So write print %d head-data
So the data of this node will be printed and
thus we can get the nth node from the end
of the linked list
printed on the screen. Let us take n equal to two
and see how this code works
First we need to check if head is equal to null
but it is not.
So call get nth from last by passing the next node that
is head next and n. And check if head is equal to null.
Here again it is not. So again call get nth from last
by passing the next node. Here also we
need to check if head equal to null.
But it fails. So call get nth from last by passing
the next node.
And this will continue till we get head equal to null
or we can say till we reach the last node.
So here also we check if head equal to null
and it is. So the recursive calls will be made
till we reach null and now it will go back
and execute the remaining statements.
So control reaches here and the next statement executed is
if ++count equal to n.
So count is incremented by one and checks if
it is equal to n
But it is not.
And this recursive call is executed completely and control
reaches the calling function. And here the execution is resumed
Now count is incremented to two and checks if it
is equal to n and it is. So we have
reached the second node from the end of the linked list. And we can print it.